haha I don't know I got a got an awesome
bike here you know with the toilet and
fab Yamaha team here at JGR so it's been
it's been good I wish I at last a little
bit longer the heat race and did it San
Diego you know when a lap and a half
before we knit you know so it's pretty
pumped about that and the semi was good
as well but main event I had a little
bit of a mishap with that I bent my
shifter somehow so I didn't hit a tough
block I just you know Bigfoot must have
bent it somehow and I couldn't so
but overall is it pretty solid weekend
and see I don't pump to be back with the
crew and I'll be back for new york and
vegas as well so i'm happy
yeah i don't i don't know i was focusing
on blah blah she said yeah i'm going to
pass bubble back but i somehow i got
cross shredded and it from will win one
right we're we went in the other and the
rest was history so hurt pretty bad you
know stung a little bit but you know it
is what it is I'll feel it tomorrow so
adrenaline kind of kicked in and got out
there for the semi and and survived
oh yeah I'm about an hour and a half
from metlife so to be pretty awesome I'm
happy well my whole family is going to
be there and everything and you know a
bunch of friends and stuff so I'm
excited it's the first time creep first
time and I'm in a long time almost out
what is it say 20 years so I'm pumped
you know hopefully it goes good
hopefully the weather is good no snow
you know who knows up there so we'll see
I you could just see that beer it's kind
of trippy in it but now he's good and
Patti Parker took care of me this
weekend and fix my bike after the crash
shoot it was good so those guys hustle
it up between the heat race the semis
and the LCQ side of the bikes ready and
you know I'm you know fortunate to have
them